This Git repo contains python practice program.

Write a program to Add, Subtract, Multiply, and Divide 2 numbers in python

Write a program to find the biggest of 3 numbers (Use If Condition).

Write a program to find given number is odd or Even.

Write a program to find the number is Prime or not.

Write a program to receive 5 command line arguments and print each argument separately 
Example: >> python test.py arg1 arg2 arg3 arg4 arg5
a) From the above statement your program should receive arguments and print them each of them. 
b) Find the biggest of three numbers, where three numbers are passed as command line arguments.


Write a program to read string and print each character separately.
    a) Slice the string using slice operator [:] slice the portion the strings to create a sub strings.
    b) Repeat the string 100 times using repeat operator *
    c) Read string 2 and concatenate with other string using + operator.
    
    
Create a list with at least 10 elements having integer values in it;
       Print all elements
       Perform slicing operations
       Perform repetition with * operator
       Perform concatenation with other list.
Repeat program 7 with Tuples (Take example from Tutorial)

Write program to Add, Subtract, Multiply, Divide 2 Complex numbers.
Using assignment operators, perform following operations
Addition, Substation, Multiplication, Division, Modulus, Exponent and Floor division operations
Read 2 numbers to variable a and b and perform all bitwise operations on that numbers.
Read 10 numbers from user and find the average of all.
a) Use comparison operator to check how many numbers are less than average and print them
b) Check how many numbers are more than average.
c) How many are equal to average.

Write a program to find the biggest of 4 numbers.
   a) Read 4 numbers from user using Input statement.
   b) extend the above program to find the biggest of 5 numbers.
(PS: Use IF and IF & Else, If and ELIf, and Nested IF)


Write a program to create two list A & B such that List A contains Employee Id, List B contain Employee name (minimum 10 entries in each list) & perform following operation
     a) Print all names on to screen
     b) Read the index from the  user and print the corresponding name from both list.
     c) Print the names from 4th position to 9th position
     d) Print all names from 3rd position till end of the list
     e) Repeat list elements by specified number of times (N- times, where N is entered by user)
     f)  Concatenate two lists and print the output.
     g) Print element of list A and B side by side.(i.e. List-A First element, List-B First element )
     
Create a list of 5 names and check given name exist in the List.
        a) Use membership operator (IN) to check the presence of an element.
        b) Perform above task without using membership operator.
        c) Print the elements of the list in reverse direction.
        
Write program to perform following:
     i) Check whether given number is prime or not.
    ii) Generate all the prime numbers between 1 to N where N is given number.
    
    
Write program to find the biggest and Smallest of N numbers.
      PS: Use the functions to find biggest and smallest numbers. 
Using loop structures print numbers from 1 to 100.  and using the same loop print numbers from 100 to 1 (reverse printing)
a) By using For loop 
b) By using while loop
c) Let mystring ="Hello world"
print each character of mystring in to separate line using appropriate loop structure.

Using loop structures print even numbers between 1 to 100.  
a) By using For loop, use continue/ break/ pass statement to skip odd numbers.
    i) Break the loop if the value is 50
    ii) Use continue for the values 10,20,30,40,50
      b) By using while loop, use continue/ break/ pass statement to skip odd numbers.
      i) Break the loop if the value is 90
      ii) Use continue for the values 60,70,80,90
      
      
Write a program to generate a Fibonacci series of numbers.
Starting numbers are 0 and 1,  new number in the series is generated by adding previous two numbers in the series.
Example : 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8,13,21,.....
   a) Number of elements printed in the series should be N numbers, Where N is any +ve integer.
   b) Generate the series until the element in the series is less than Max number.


1. What will be the output of 'seclist' in print commands of below code?
mylist = range(4)
seclist = mylist
print seclist
mylist.append(4)
print seclist
seclist = mylist[:]
print seclist
mylist.append(5)
print seclist

2. What is the output of following code:
def f(n):
  for x in range(n):
    yield x**3

for x in f(6):
  print x

3. Write a program to receive a string from keybord and check if the string has two 'e' in the characters. 
   If yes return True else False.

4. What is the output of following code:
counter = 1
def dolots(count):
  global counter
  for i in (1, 2, 3):
    counter = count + i

print dolots(4)
print counter


5.	Write a code to read  the data from  input file called input.txt and count the number of characters per line, number of words per line and write these into output file called as output.txt 

6.	Create 3 Lists ( list1,list2,list3) with numbers and perform following operations
         a) Create Maxlist by taking 2 maximum elements from each list.
         b) Find average value from all the elements of Maxlist.
         c) Create a MinlIst by taking 2 minimum elements from each list 
         d) Find the average value from all the elements of Minlist


7.	Write program to convert prefix/net mask to IP
eg: input:16  output: 255.255.0.0


8.	Create a suitable data construct to read the data from an xml document as shown below:
<bookstore shelf="New Arrivals">
  <book category="COOKING">
    <title lang="en">Everyday Italian</title>
    <author>Giada De Laurentiis</author>
    <year>2005</year>
    <price>30.00</price>
  </book>
  <book category="CHILDREN">
    <title lang="en">Harry Potter</title>
    <author>J K. Rowling</author>
    <year>2005</year>
    <price>29.99</price>
  </book>
  <book category="WEB">
    <title lang="en">Learning XML</title>
    <author>Erik T. Ray</author>
    <year>2003</year>
    <price>39.95</price>
  </book>
</bookstore>

9.	Create a suitable object type and  check for file size of 0 bytes of the directory contents as shown below
02/15/2016              10:49 PM               962                     switchfinal.py
02/15/2016             10:49 PM               943                       switchfinal.py.bak
01/27/2016             11:46 AM                15                        t.py
03/31/2016            12:39 PM               840                        t1.py
01/25/2016            10:34 AM             2,407                      tc1.py
02/14/2017           09:13 AM                 0                           teat.py
03/15/2016          05:52 PM                 5                             tes.py


10.Create a suitable object type to eliminate the duplicate elements

# PES_Python Assignment_SET 3

